RBNB Data Viewer
by Jason P. Hanley <jphanley@buffalo.edu>


Release
-------
Version: 1.1.0
Date: ?


Introduction
------------

RBNB Data Viewer is a software package used to view time synchronized,
streaming data, in live or archived form, over the internet from a
Data Turbine server. It is capable of displaying any time series data,
whether numeric, image, or video, in an integrated application for
viewing and analysis.


Requirements
------------
The following software is required to build the application:
-Java SDK 1.4
-Ant
-RBNB 2.4

The following software is required to run the application:
-Java 1.4


Building
--------
Set the following environmental variables:
-JAVA_HOME                root of JDK instalation
-ANT_HOME                 root of Ant installation
-RBNB_HOME                root of RBNB instalation

Add JAVA_HOME/bin and ANT_HOME/bin to your path.

To compile, execute the following command from the root directory of the distribution:
> ant compile


Running
-------
> ant run

and the application should compile and run. This will pop up 
the application with a channel list on the left 
and a control interface on the top. Select "File->Connect" and 
specify a RBNB server to connect to and click "connect". 
To add channels, go to the 
channel list and double click the channel you want to view. 
Then either monitor with the RT button or drag the location bar 
to where you want it and click play (">"). The time scale bar 
controls how fast playback is. The domain scroll bar controls 
the size of the time axis on the plots, there is no effect on 
the video. The data plotter supports multiple channels, so you 
can drag additional channels onto it. To close a data panel 
click the "X" in the upper right hand corner, this is a little 
broken but just click there and it should work. If you click 
anywhere else in a data panel, the panel will detach and become 
its own window. To reattach the data panel just click it again.


Distribution
------------
To create a standalone package:
> ant zip

To create a Java Web Start (JNLP) package:
> ant jnlp


Copyright
---------
Copyright (c) 2005 University at Buffalo


Acknowledgements
----------------
This work is supported in part by the George E. Brown, Jr. Network 
for Earthquake Engineering Simulation (NEES) Program of the National 
Science Foundation under Award Numbers CMS-0086611 and CMS-0086612.